Think of the children.
One of the people on the stage has committed a crime. Who is it and what did they do?
The conflict from the Middle East stems from a history of imperial oppression exacerbating and systemizing ethnic tension, leading to an era of near-constant violence in the post-colonial age. In one word, what are your thoughts on the issue?
Who is your favorite Jesus?
What are your thoughts on the current Cuban Missile Crisis?
If the troops, the family unit, and small businesses were in a three-way death match, who would you support, and why?
Can the farmer and the cowboy be friends?
Who was the best president?
Which character in Friends are you? Which character in Friends is Obama?
Who does your hair?
Marry, boff, kill: the Washington Monument, the Lincoln Memorial, Mount Rushmore.
Boy, you love corn? 'Cause I sure do.
What is the Pentagon's newest superweapon?
And now, a word from our sponsors:
Socialism. Write or draw something angry.
What are a few of your favorite things?
What is jello used for?
Define communism.
Solve the energy crisis.
Steampunk is an artistic genre in which everything runs on steam power. Draw an oilpunk universe?
Invent a national issue.
Draw your personal interpretation of string theory.
What are your thoughts on infamous socialist Santa Claus?
Who is the secret liberal?
What will you do with the money you take out of our education system?
Who let the dogs out?
Do you have a rebuttal?
What is the political scandal that would destroy your opponents?
What were you doing last night?
Consider the following.
What do y°u feel abÅÍt thÅ„´ recent aut„Ô´„Ån o˛Œ´e med‚‹›⁄iaŒ?
Which was your favorite Iraq War?
Who do you enjoy oppressing the most?
If all previous U.S. Presidents were in a 1v1 cage match tournament, who would win and why?
Did you know that Canada is reducing their defense spending? Insult their masculinity.
What is your dankest meme?
Try to connect with today’s youth voters.
Give your best impression of another opponent.
Draw as many countries as you can.
How you would redraw the borders of the Middle East?
What are the top five reasons liberals are wrong?
How religious are you?
What is the second highest-grossing question that has occurred in the question asking portion of the debate?
What government job will you give to your top donator?
Draw a visual version of the national anthem
Who is the best argument for a small government?
Draw the next great American monument
Draw a new version of the American flag
Draw your definition of success.
What is the ideal meal for the working class?
What is your vision for America?
What would you look like on a dollar bill?